forked codepen is here: 
https://codepen.io/marygraceswarts/pen/bGprPzV?editors=1100 


    1. What is Semantic HTML?  
    HTML that has meaning / adds meaning

    2. What is HTML used for?  
    marking up a website's structure

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    the part of a tag that tells you where to find something like a link or image, put it after the initial part of the tag (a or img)

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? 
    largest header, use it once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: 
    a (anchor tag) 
    img (image)

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?  
    link to the CSS stylesheet for that page

    7. What is an id? 
    a specific name for an element that can only be used once

    8. What elements can I add an id to?  
    p, div, span, h1-h6, etc (all HTML elements)

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once

    10. What is a class? 
    a tag for designating several elements and grouping them together

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    p, div, span, h1-h6, etc (all HTML elements)

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    the limit does not exist

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add target="_blank" to the <a> tag

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    alt-text, the words that pop up when you hover over an image, and what a screen reader would read

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id-name

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is semantic html, div is not. (I think?) 
    Sections are grouped content - sort of like a heading in an outline. Divs are just containers you put stuff in. You could have multiple divs in a section.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling a webpage

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class can be multiple things - like a <p class="math"> and <div class="history"> 
    and id means just one thing, like <p id="highlander"> there can be only one highlander

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .math 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    selecting the larger group of things, and a group within that thing, and on down. adds more specificity to your CSS

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a {
    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?


    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    the line-height: attribute

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    the letter-spacing: attribute

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?


    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: dotted black 1px;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {

    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* write your comment here */ 

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm -r be super careful, because it does not ask you if you are sure. Could seriously jack up your machine.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    because that way you can roll back to an earlier version if you break something. Multiple users can also sync versions. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every change, or a set of changes that make sense as one group

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin first-last

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Oof. ok. 
    First, go to the repo you need
    Fork it to your own github



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 